okay guys a lot of people have been
asking you know how they can actually do
noogie judo style drills Samba throws so
on and so forth I'm going to basically
put you guys through some of my basic
maneuvers that that's that's that I like
to do a lot of times we have bodies
he's one of the upcoming of professional
fighters and a lot of times what I
personally like to do is I like to say I
like to leave my job so I can get in get
into the clinch and basically work them
there there are three basic throws that
I think they do a work with and most of
the judo purist of how they're going to
say that's not that throw accessible
that's great because he's not wearing a
key okay
so we're we're we're classifying this as
closely as possible now that is a
softball we can technically set this up
in Maine wait personally speaking if Pat
and I work for matched up I like to say
I like to set this up stay keep my right
my my head right outside his power shot
his left Shawn and I like a paw my job
so that I can go ahead and work the
clinch that's what I personally like to
do how you guys do it I don't care but
from right here I'm deathly scared at
that power shot you still a scare of my
time
high power shots
we're playing into this game of enemies
okay so from right here what I tend to
do is I can type all right in here see
if I can single ball and now I'm right
here this is where I want to be okay
this is a little setting up all our
girls okay our first basic throw is
going to be the ahsoka guard okay
there's so the guard what I want to do
is I actually want to take the person
and then I can bring the person's head
down okay if I can I'm going to start to
see if I can trim all my way here and
the entire time my head has to be down
looking directly at his heel so what I'm
going to do is I've snail stepping so
that we're in close position instead of
instead of open position so we had a
table at pop this way come in boom we're
going to pummel up boom okay I want my
foot on the inside okay now as soon as
this happens it doesn't matter whether
I'm here or whether I'm here I'm going
to go ahead and address this if I'm here
the control is actually going to be the
shoulder area and the elbows not the
head a lot of people try to try to do
this my personal phase and I'm going to
go for this I like to be pummelled
underneath okay now right now oh I don't
like to come on these days and he's
heavy on my right arm
I'll never do this if you see me on so
what I'll do is I'll come up with nice
and tight but let's go ahead and dress
this as if he wasn't any on my leg
it's not my right arm what I'm going to
do is I'm going to shrug my shoulder my
retro is going to go ahead and come up
rotate the model is why can't you come
up and find this hip okay so right here
bomb okay and I'm going to shove my
shoulder advice as soon as I'm here I'm
going to drive this way perfect
perpendicular to his foot it splits
traveling this way 90 degrees this way
okay so from Ryan here are all going to
do is I'm going to take a nice little
step outside of this foot again down
boom and as soon as I'm here and that's
the way we approach the outside foot
right now most people say well that
looks more like like a reaping it throw
and I'm less like no no not outside
quickly okay we can in the exact same
situation if we wanted to we both here
and most of his weights traveling this
way which I get sometimes I can travel
instead of perpendicular I can general
parallel to his foot insert my hip and
cut off this the same leverage right in
here if I want if I decide I'm going to
go with the head what I'm going to do is
I'm going to take my hand and I'm going
to come and try to cinch this shoulder -
right nice inside most people think
they're going to take them up this is
where this is where most people throw
fail you want to try to come and since
this head tied up against his shoulder
I'm grabbing it here's my book right up
in here in the armpit okay we do the
exact same approach come right in here
if I want to do the outside foot read
I'm going to step back boom but I'm
going to try to see if I can get them
leaning here okay I step heavy
perpendicular to is whose foot okay and
then if I want to do the reaping hip
throw
I'm right here I do everything the same
okay boom and then I feel this I travel
parallel with this book my left foot
boom pulling him the entire time feeling
this grip right hand in here
okay last but not least is basically
sofa mouth combing okay my one of my
personal favorite maneuvers okay I when
I'm usually nice and tight this way and
I go for the head a lot of people don't
like this so what they'll do is they'll
duck underneath my arm as soon as that
happens what I want to make sure is that
his elbow is right here where my heart
is centerline okay and we're going to
come nice and tight
taking my elbow cinching it nice and
tight in here controlling his outlook
bad is the key my rear foot is going to
slide up okay
back and that's something I'm just going
to draw often away from his body if I
land on top of him I get drunk so again
from right in here everything else is
the same
okay he comes up this way I go break
he's dropping I decide my foot up
most people think they've been throwing
here I drop too far away